                           ADILBrowser

ADILViewerApplet is an applet that uses the Horizon classes to browse
images from the NCSA Astronomy Digital Image Library.  The applet
contains two displays, side by side.  The left side is used to display
the full image sub-sampled to fit within display region.  The right
side contains a "zoomed" sub-region of the image.  One can click the
mouse over a pixel in the left display to see a zoomed version
centered on that pixel in the right display.

Below the two displays is a position display panel which tracks the
sky position corresponding to the current position of the mouse.  One
can also pop-up the image's FITS header by clicking on the adjacent
button.  

The zooming factor can be changed by clicking the on one of the
buttons below the position display or by entering a percent factor in
the text field.  A factor 100% means that one data pixel is displayed
into one display pixel.  Alternatively, one can enter choose the
"Region" button; this allows one to draw a box in the left display
indicating the region to appear in right display.  

ADILViewerHabanero is a version of the applet that runs within the
Habanero collaborative environment.  Within in this environment,
several users on different machines may interact with the images
together.  For example, when one participant chooses a new zoomed
view, all participants will see it.  NOTE: this tool cannot be used
without the Habanero environment installed. 

RUNNING THIS DEMO:

ADILViewerApplet can be run either as an applet or a standalone
application; however, all of the features are only available when run
as an applet.  To run as an applet, type,

    appletviewer ADILViewerApplet.html

You can also run this demo from our Web site at 
http://imagelib.ncsa.uiuc.edu/imagelib/Horizon/examples/index.html.

To run as an application, type

    java apps.ADILBrowser.ADILViewerApplet

in the directory "examples/apps/ADILBrowser". Then either enter a URL and click
"Get:", or choose a file from local disk using the "Browse:" button.



 